# finalproject
Final Project for INFO 664

For this final project, I attempted to extract data from the IUPUI Lilly School of Philanthropy Million Dollar List, which tracks all $1M+ gifts that have been made to non-profits between 2000-2016. The dataset tracks the location of donors (city, state, country) and of recipients (city, state, country). The function to further examine the locational aspects of this dataset on the Lilly School website has been broken, so I wanted to investigate this aspect of the data. There are tens of thousands of data points in this data set. I wanted to cross reference where money was coming from and where it was being directed. I was able to read the csv file using Python, after determining that I needed to clean the csv file so that it could be read in Python. Then I attempted to work with several APIs to visualize this dataset, but had difficulty integrating them in Python. Finally, I decided to plot the data points to contrast money coming and going within Python itself using the matplotlib, but ran into an unfortunate error where my kernel crashed when trying to process this. I looked into why this might have happened and suspect that it may be because of how large and irregular the data set is. Unfortunately, this isn't the outcome I was hoping for, but it was productive to become very familiar with using different libiraries within Python and familiarizing myself with the documentation and processes around several geolocating APIs, including cartes.io and Google Maps. 
